[Music]
according to surveys around 73 percent
of Japanese citizens are perfectly
content with their lives so they must
have some sort of secret recipe for
happiness right well yeah it's called
iki guy and it can completely change
your world the word iki guy actually
comes from two Japanese words iki life
and Chi reason put the two together and
you've got the reason for being or the
meaning to your life according to this
philosophy you can only be truly happy
and fulfilled with your life when you
find this crucial thing
a study from Tohoku University
discovered that people who are lucky
enough to find their ikki guy have
better health and lead a more active and
joyful lifestyle and that's probably why
National Geographic reporter Dan
Buettner called iki guy one of the main
contributions to Japanese people's
impressive lifespan now I don't know
about you but I'm all ears at this point
obviously finding this special something
the reason for your being is a long and
time-consuming process thankfully
Japanese experts have narrowed it down
to just four crucial questions you have
to ask yourself question number one what
do you love sit down grab a piece of
paper and write down a list of all the
things you love and when I say all
things I mean if it can be cats ice
cream make up TV shows everything that
makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside
the longer the list the better so take
your time and don't be afraid to add
more weird and crazy details question
number two what are you good at maybe
you're an amazing singer or you make the
best scrambled eggs in the world write
it all down seriously even your craziest
talents and abilities count like
touching your nose with your tongue this
will help you figure out how why your
potential really is and how you can
develop and use your talents to the
fullest I don't know about that tongue
thing but hey who knows question number
three what can you actually get paid for
look at both those lists you made and
try to determine which items can bring
you real money that will meet all
your needs if you're great at singing
cool you can be a singer if you make
awesome scrambled eggs you can sharpen
your skills and become a renowned chef
use your imagination and forget about
real life boundaries and there are tons
of unusual professions out there so list
them off question number four what does
the world need that you can provide
finally a chance to get philosophical
first of all ask yourself what you
personally need maybe a new useful
service or another unique type of social
media after that you can reflect on the
question of what the world needs
kindness talent discipline it can be
anything the only rule is to be honest
and express your own opinion not
something you just heard and don't
actually believe in your answers to
these questions form the four main
components of your life passion what you
love and are good at mission what you
love and feel the world needs profession
what you are good at and get paid for
vocation what the world needs and what
you get paid for however it's worth
noting that these things aren't the only
questions you can ask yourself if you're
still struggling to find your ikki I
just to remember what activities excited
you when you were a kid or what kind of
work comes naturally to you maybe you're
not a strong leader but an outstanding
team player this fact alone can change
your ikki guy completely so the more
details you get into the better anyway
now that you have all your answers in
front of you it's time to move on to the
next step finding balance look at all
the things you wrote down and try to
figure out what activity will combine
these four elements of course you can
always find something you're good at
that brings you tons of money
aka a profession but if you don't love
it or the world doesn't need it then you
won't feel fulfilled you won't have
balance and inner harmony and remember
no matter how much you want to you can't
find your icky guy over in
so take your time and explore all the
options in front of you another thing
you should keep in mind is that iki guy
isn't always about career achievements
it can also be your hobby or family and
finding it won't make you happy every
single day of your life we all have our
bad days and it's perfectly normal and
even necessary you're a key guy is more
like your own personal beacon that shows
you where to go whenever you feel lost
and confused when you understand your
life goal and see it crystal clear
there's nothing you can't do now as
you're just starting to get into the
world of Ikki guys searching author and
expert ken Mogi has a few ideas you can
try out today develop a morning ritual
morning is the ideal time to absorb new
information and get your mind going take
your list of things you love and try to
incorporate something out of it into
your daily morning routine right before
or even during breakfast this will
provide your brain with a healthy dose
of happy hormone dopamine and get you
ready for the day
enjoy every single moment your past
can't be changed and your future can't
be predicted so why not live in the
current moment while it lasts only the
things you do today can impact your
future so don't forget to focus on the
present to find your happy hobby even if
you love your job to the moon and back
you have to relax and recharge you need
something that brings you joy and also
sharpen your skills and makes you a
better person doing the things you love
more often only nurtures your iki guy oh
very helpful tips but it's worth
mentioning that this whole Yuki guy
business has some rules don't worry
they're pretty easy to live by stay
active take care of your body and mind
surround yourself with good friends and
family and never forget about gratitude
nature is a big help when it comes to
connecting with your egi as well so
maybe take up hiking or at least go for
regular walks in the park and like most
things in life you're a key guy can
change with time you evolve as a person
and gain new experience so it's only
natural that your values change as well
important thing here is to always check
in with yourself and make sure your
current DQ guy still excites you if not
it's time to search for it once again
but this long and fascinating process is
definitely worth the journey and what
about you what's your personal recipe
for happiness let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today
then give this video a like and share
with a friend but hey don't go anywhere
just yet we have over two thousand cool
videos for you to check out all you have
to do is pick the left or right video
click on it and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]